add context about yaml config (#6755)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/metricflow-time-spine.md

---
<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.9">

> <!-- this whole section is for 1.9 and higher + Release tracks -->

Reviewer: We could probably remove this whole thing since the versionblock is in

Author: got it! it was more for any new person coming in 🙏

> <!-- this whole section is for 1.9 and higher + Release tracks -->

Author: ```suggestion
```

- If you're looking to specify the grain of a time dimension so that MetricFlow can transform the underlying column to the required granularity, refer to the [Time granularity documentation](/docs/build/dimensions?dimension=time_gran)

:::tip

> - If you previously used a `metricflow_time_spine.sql` model, you can delete it after configuring the `time_spine` property in YAML. The Semantic Layer will automatically recognize the new configuration. No additional `.yml` files are needed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you previously used a `metricflow_time_spine.sql` model, you can delete it after configuring the `time_spine` property in YAML. The Semantic Layer automatically recognizes the new configuration. No additional `.yml` files are needed. 
```

For an example project, refer to our [Jaffle shop](https://github.com/dbt-labs/jaffle-sl-template/blob/main/models/marts/_models.yml) example.

### Migrating from SQL to YAML
If your project already includes a time spine (`metricflow_time_spine.sql`), you can migrate its configuration to YAML to address any deprecation warnings you may get.

> 1. For example, add the following configuration in a new or existing YAML file using the [`models` key](/reference/model-properties) for the time spine in your `models/` directory. Name the YAML file whatever you want (for example, we'll use `util/_models.yml`):

Reviewer: Since you use "for example" later in the sentence
```suggestion
1. Add the following configuration to a new or existing YAML file using the [`models` key](/reference/model-properties) for the time spine in your `models/` directory. Name the YAML file whatever you want (for example, `util/_models.yml`):
```
